Everyone's fighting over the same jobs on LinkedIn.

Here's how I find the ones they never see:

(the exact searches I give my clients)

Most jobs get posted to a company's hiring software first.
Greenhouse. Lever. Ashby. Workday.

They're live for days before they ever hit the job boards.
By then, 400 people already applied and you never stood a chance.

So skip the boards. Go straight to the source.

Paste this into Google (swap in your role):

site:boards.greenhouse.io "backend developer" -senior -lead -staff -principal

Felt like a cheat code the first time I used it. Here's why it works:

1. site:boards.greenhouse.io
Searches only real company job pages. No noise, no ghost listings.

2. "backend developer"
Your exact title. Swap it for yours.

3. -senior -lead -staff -principal
Cuts everything above your level, so you stop wasting energy on roles that'll never call back.

Then run the same on the rest:

site:jobs.lever.co "backend developer" -senior -lead
site:jobs.ashbyhq.com "backend developer" -senior -lead
site:*.myworkdayjobs.com "backend developer" -senior -lead

Bonus: click Tools, set it to "Past week." Only fresh roles, no dead links from six months ago.
Add your city or "remote" to tighten it.

That's how you find the jobs 90% of applicants never even see. ❤️




post 2

If a recruiter has never reached out to you and you know you're qualified... read this.


One of my clients did this exact keyword fix, and weeks later, a recruiter from one of the companies he'd been hoping to work for reached out to him directly.


Not a random recruiter. The company.


Recruiters don't scroll all day. They search with keywords. If your profile doesn't have them, you simply don't exist to that search.


So, how do you fix that?


1. Find 5-10 job descriptions in your niche. Jobs you'd actually apply for.


2. Pull out 20 keywords that repeat across them (job titles, skills, tools). Do it yourself or let AI help, just cross-check.


3. Weave those keywords into your headline, About and experience. Naturally. No stuffing.


4. Sprinkle them in your posts too. Not too much o, no be me send you.


That's the whole game.


But showing up isn't the finish line. A recruiter reaching out won't hand you an offer letter. Your CV still has to seal the deal.


post 3 
Manchester has more sponsored jobs than London.

(For international students in the UK)

Most international students assume London is the best place to get hired.

It’s big, global and full of opportunities.

But when it comes to visa-sponsored jobs, I personally feel Manchester can be a better option.
Here’s why:

✅It’s less saturated than London, which can mean less competition.
✅It has rapidly growing industries, including tech, engineering, manufacturing, healthcare and consulting.
✅SMEs are willing to sponsor candidates who can demonstrate the right value.

And the best part?

The cost of living is lower, so your salary can stretch further.

London is not your only option.

Sponsorship is not just about location. It’s about strategy.

If you’re tired of applying blindly in London, consider switching cities and changing your approach.

I’ve created a list of 100+ underrated Manchester-based companies hiring across 20 different roles.

They have sponsored at least 10 people in the past six months.

(tho i believe this ones just got the sponsorship companies data from gov.uk and simply filtered it)

