Full job description
A World-Changing Company
Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.
The Programme
We are launching Palantir UK’s first Meritocracy Fellowship to cultivate exceptional talent, increasingly overlooked, regardless of background, based purely on merit and academic excellence, sixth form graduates will be invited to interview, and select applicants will receive a Meritocracy Fellowship. Those that excel will obtain offers to join Palantir full time.

Skip the debt. Earn the Palantir degree.
Why are we doing this?
What are the foundations of British and Western society, and what does it take to defend them? At Palantir, Fellows begin their journey by exploring these fundamental questions through curated readings and seminars with leading experts. This initial period is designed to immerse Fellows in rigorous debate and open exchange of ideas—laying the intellectual foundation before they join forward-deployed engineering or internal software teams.

Our most vital technologies cannot be created by those indifferent to their purpose. Today’s challenges demand builders who are guided by conviction and a clear sense of mission.
The Role
You will work alongside Forward Deployed Engineers and Software Developers to build software and deliver customer outcomes. In this role, the challenges you'll seek will require a curious and analytical approach, a sharp intuition for product, and a strong degree of user insight. You will also have weekly learning sessions and site visits to build on your experience during the fellowship.
What We Value

    High degree of agency, autonomy, and maturity
    Extraordinary ability to confront open-ended and ambiguous problems
    Adaptive and introspective; willing to learn, guide, lead, and follow
    Ability to communicate and collaborate effectively with a variety of individuals, including engineers, users and non-technical team members
    Willingness to learn proactively, make decisions independently, and ask questions when stuck
    Experience with programming, scripting, or statistical packages (eg. Python, R, Matlab, SQL)

What We Require

    A Levels certificate of graduation at the start of the internship
    Candidates cannot have previously earned an undergraduate degree
    Candidates cannot simultaneously be enrolled in university classes

Life at Palantir
We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at Life at Palantir and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the city and or country in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process, please reach out and let us know how we can help.

Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3).
#LI-DNI
&nbsp;