Full job description

Please include a cover note explaining why you're the right person for this role.

About the company

Unboxed is an established and well respected design and digital product development agency based in London. We help our clients solve knotty problems, increasing business agility and improving user outcomes. Our multidisciplinary teams combine our core expertise in design and software development with specific relevant domain knowledge to deliver positive change and create meaningful impact.

In recent years, we’ve focused on delivering technology enabled services in the public sector. Our strategic aim is to expand our influence across public, private and the third sector to address systemic problems in areas such as the built environment and neighbourhood health.

We are looking for someone with 3+ years’ relevant experience to join our development team as a Creative Technologist to work on a cross-section of impactful projects.

About the role

This developer-focused role requires someone who has hands-on experience working in small, cross-functional teams, and is capable of building and maintaining early-stage digital products or prototypes end to end, from first commit to deployment. You’ll be comfortable working across the full stack, using established frameworks such as Ruby on Rails.

We’re looking for someone who is collaborative, proactive and focused on outcomes. You should be able to translate loosely defined ideas into usable products at pace, working closely with non-technical colleagues throughout. You may also bring skills beyond software engineering - such as product thinking or design considerations.

The successful candidate will also be available for out-of-hours support on a rota basis (for an extra payment). This will require knowledge of AWS (or transferable knowledge of another similar cloud provider).

Prototyping and communicating

This role prioritises speed, clarity, and delivering real value over pursuing complex or highly novel technical challenges. Great communication is also non-negotiable in this role. You should be equally comfortable explaining complex technical ideas to non-technical audiences and creating presentations that make everyone feel included.

Implementing creative solutions that fit the need

We are not looking for someone who knows everything about every possible topic, but we are looking for someone who can think outside the box to work collaboratively with clients to find solutions that fit their needs, whether that is helping them learn how to use a no-code platform or setting up metrics dashboards. Most projects will involve prototyping at least one app, but some will not, so you will need to be able to proactively come up with new ideas and workarounds where necessary.

Strong client and stakeholder relationships

Many of our clients are navigating organisational change alongside digital transformation. You’ll build trusted relationships with the people you work with, communicating clearly and confidently about progress, risks and decisions. You’ll help clients understand agile delivery as genuine partners in the work, rather than passive recipients of status updates, and help them identify opportunities to expand our collaboration on future projects.

Key activities

Delivery of these outcomes will include the following key activities:

    Working with designers to create products specific to our clients’ needs
    Reviewing and adapting existing codebases on occasion
    Participating in user research sessions
    Working with version control tools
    Writing extensive and reliable automated tests
    Collaborating with colleagues and clients in a way that demonstrates Unboxed’s values of care and attention
    Contributing to presentations, slide decks and reports
    Reviewing technical colleagues’ pull requests kindly and constructively
    Presenting your work during internal and external show and tells
    Adapting to new technologies and workflows such as AI assistants and agents
    Demonstrating best-in-class security practices
    Making products accessible by default
    Creating, consuming and documenting modern APIs
    Keeping up to date on the latest technology developments so you are able to recommend the most appropriate solutions and tools

Technical competencies

    Ruby and Ruby on Rails preferred
    Cloud infrastructure such as AWS or GCP
    JavaScript/TypeScript
    Git
    TDD/BDD
    SQL (preferably MySQL or PostgreSQL)
    HTML and CSS
    Experience working with AI tools/agentic workflows

Desirable skills

    Experience working in an agile environment
    Open source contributions
    Experience setting up and maintaining UNIX systems
    A keen eye for detail
    Understanding of continuous integration and delivery

Core competencies and behaviours

We expect everyone at Unboxed to be:

    Naturally collaborative
    Good communicators (written and verbal)
    Creative problem solvers
    Adaptable
    Comfortable with uncertainty and complexity
    Curious and questioning
    Active listeners
    Empathic, humble and generous
    Open and honest
    Always learning
    Passionate about our work
    Reflective, on yourself and the situation

How we workFlexible, hybrid working

We’ve adapted our working practices and London office space to support hybrid working. The whole team works in our London office a minimum of two days a week. We trust our team to do the work they need to do and to collaborate closely. If you need to flex around caring responsibilities or other commitments, we’ll work with you to find the right balance.

Inclusion and wellbeing

At Unboxed, we strive to create an inclusive workplace environment where people can thrive and feel they belong, by promoting a good work life balance, open communication and positive working relationships.

Our success depends on our team, and we want each member to feel fulfilled and valued. We believe individual progression is based on self-reflection and self awareness of where you are coming from, where you are now, and where you want to be. We also believe career progression is most powerful when it’s owned by, and driven by you. As part of your progression, you can expect:

    Monthly reflection sessions
    Six-monthly director check ins
    An open and coaching led approach
    Weekly development and design learning sessions

We are an equal opportunity employer and we’re committed to further increasing diversity within Unboxed. We believe in fostering an inclusive and equitable workplace that values and embraces the unique perspectives and experiences that each individual brings. We recognise that not everyone will have had the same opportunity to gain relevant experience and therefore welcome applications from UK residents who may have felt excluded from such a role in the past, whether due to age, gender, ethnicity, visible or invisible disability, neurodivergence, education, religion/belief, sexual orientation, or family/care commitments.

Salary bands

We use salary bands to ensure that everyone at Unboxed gets paid fairly in relation to others at the company. We assess what band you are in according to skills, competencies and experience.

Other benefits

    25 holiday days per year, on top of the bank holiday allowance
    10 Innovation Days per year to explore your own ideas
    Holiday flexibility and loyalty bonus benefits
    Maternity and Shared Parental Leave policies
    A company-wide peer-to-peer mentoring programme
    A generous conference budget
    Flexible working hours and location
    An informal culture of growth
    Monthly ‘Linkers and Thinkers’ idea-exploring lunches
    Weekly ‘Design Club’ to share wider thoughts, ideas and opinions with the team

Application process

To apply for this role, please submit your application to work@unboxed.co before 15 May 2026 . Please include a cover note to explain why you think Unboxed is the place for you, a work history in the form of a CV or LinkedIn profile, and some examples of your work in the form of a portfolio, website, or some case studies.

If we think there could be a good match, the application process is as follows:

    Initial 30 minute call to further discuss the role (5-10 candidates)
    Tech test
    60 minute interview with a multi-disciplinary Unboxed team to discuss your experience, values and approach (3-5 candidates)
    Pairing test to discuss and extend what you built in your tech test (3-5 candidates)
    Offer made or feedback provided

We would expect to complete this process within three weeks of the application closing date.

Job Type: Permanent

Pay: From £53,182.00 per year

Experience:

    Web development: 3 years (required)

Work authorisation:

    United Kingdom (required)

Work Location: In person
&nbsp;